Delay is controllable by an attacker too (#4730)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

# Security Considerations

## Loss and Congestion Signals

Loss detection and congestion control fundamentally involve the consumption of

> signals -- delay, loss, and ECN codepoints -- from unauthenticated entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
signals from unauthenticated entities.  Attackers can spoof or alter delay, loss, and ECN markings.
```

em-dash is always icky.

> On-path attackers can spoof or alter these signals. An attacker can cause

Reviewer: I think you should avoid "on-path" here.  Other types of attackers can alter these signals as well under certain conditions.

```suggestion
Attackers can spoof or alter these signals. An attacker can cause
```
